what's up my kids one thing I'm going to
say well I'm going to say two or well be
two first I want that I want that
cookie has already sent me that perfect
guys first of all first of all
an important thing
we're going to get serious and he's going to ask for
subscriptions for the channel but well
how am I going to bring this serious subject up well I didn't
ask for them they've gotten lost they're
good they've lost they've disappeared with
their father okay these two beautiful girls very
precious and beautiful that I hope they
reunite with their mother soon okay the father
apparently had a fight had a
thing with the mother and according to what he says the
mother told them that he will never
see the girls again she already disappeared with the
girls okay the mother has asked that
the images be spread okay so as it's
the most I can do well
in all of today's extracts we're going to spread these images I ask you all to please share them okay I have recreated tweets with these things so you can take and reframe the tweets themselves [Music] and please please everyone let's think let's think about  positive and take these
girls back to their mother okay
please let's not be like that okay let's not do this
to the world please a huge hug
to that mother all the strength in the world and
wish her that everything turns out perfect that
everything turns out perfect and that it ends in the
best possible way that it can end
please please the only thing I ask of
the world today is please because I've been
thinking about this all day I really
promise well we don't know what
exactly happened but I think that
mister ego after what happened yesterday he's
getting attached he's gotten a Sorian tino I
don't know if it was a ban in the end I don't know
if it was a ban in the end but he
got a little tugged on the ears ok to
put it in context I recommend that you watch
the excerpt from yesterday ok in which it seems
that this man in a context of
rap battles in a
context of rap battle
[Music]
insulted him to be the typical bro joke
joke it doesn't suit you he's a pedophile and
such
Dallas with the minors I don't know what he's
done to me thank you very much things I don't know  if
cookie in this little compilation that he
made me he will have put it at the moment he
cannot open it cookie I'm going to wait
a few seconds to see if I can open it
now
I'm going to wait a few minutes
while we're going to see the tweets from here
and more I do
n't know if more involved I would say it here within
that extract cookie but there was a
moment I saw a little bit of the live the
live of this mystery man
this afternoon not because of other things what he
did was dedicate himself to
insulting me for a long time dedicate himself to
insulting me dedicate himself to threatening me
explicitly on twitter and there was a
moment in which he says that it has been
pathetic no the argument no no reason he doesn't
want to get into a debate because if the
arguments oasis of this man says I have
not called Dallas a pedophile
in my rap I have said in my song
that Dallas hangs out with minors but he
has no reason to go around [ __ ] them he
can go around doing other things with
them
because because all the characters that
we meet are like that because I
wonder I wonder let's
see let's see this wonderful clip
to put a little bit of the situation of what
the day has been like  today okay it turns
out that there were a lot of people asking for
this man's ban not for nothing
but because jack himself and
jack himself and here in a debate okay and his
videos he has always said that they did not
invite reborn because they did not want salt
or that they did not want toxicity in their
server no which is a huge embarrassment by
jack and a huge embarrassment from here because he
knew perfectly well that this man
with whom he gets along well okay he knows
that this man is Balearic law okay you can
see the tweets from here that he put with
him he has not yet been expelled or rather dude he
was putting up with a lot of crazy people it's not that
no he knows very well that this man was
going to screw things up no and today when people
have gone to claim him for this for this
garbage that he has done because this this of
accusing someone not of something so
serious no that surely he would not
like it to be done to him it is
disgusting at least no and he
answers people like this first without you we have
not banned anyone from the server
we have only given
things badly done
second you are not the one to say how we have to
run our own
server and third like  you know that he is not
going to be sanctioned in obvious always
with the same with the same style of
answers this one here pathetic and false
not always with the same style of
answer is a real guy and here he
shows keep your word how it
was that thing that at the slightest he handled
someone who complied with the rules all that
this mystery man during the
beginning of his live he has dedicated himself to
bragging that they did not handle him
superman is all go go I
am added you have
seen
and we laughed for a while
[Music]
the title of his live that he later
changed
[Music]
making it more
heaven than heaven
no I cannot allow it if that is what you
do that for god four thousand feet
a lot are a lot the heavens and
people put a hundred but why hasn't he
put in messengers that you could have
put the bible there with everything it is located
more given more done he has made me
honey a huge hug heart thank you very much like
that
[Music]
no because he recommended me to exactly
this is a very important thing that we have not
said something before okay you are so
unpresentable mister ego you are  such an
unpresentable meteor thank you very much
that apart from having shown that he
has no education whatsoever and we want
a trick or that he doesn't know how to lose he doesn't know how to
lose it
turns out that I got in as far as Marbella by
recommended by a third person you are
like the typical annoying brother-in-law who makes you look bad that you
put him to work in your
company and he makes you look bad
you know this typical story that I'm sure you
've all experienced that you bring in a
colleague there are many thanks that you bring in a colleague
or your cousin no or some
commitment to work in your company no and he makes
you look bad because the guy is lazy well that
's you the ego the
typical one the typical one who on top of that doesn't stand up for
you dude for you for your colleague not to make your colleague look good
who stands up for you to
get in to get you in that job no
because he makes them look bad on top of that
a rhyme
[Music]
efe by efe by my brain efe by my
ego and by the fake giacchino the f by
jackie because here he doesn't keep his word I'm
going to download this that can't be seen okay
here
and here yes I knew that this person was going
to bring you toxicity from here  because you
bring her to your server uncle
because you attract her it seems very funny to me
that she apologizes very submissively very
submissive okay that she apologizes with with the
chin bayn in celebration of that today it's been a
year since I discovered this channel seriously
a year ago already heaven well
congratulations to you and me thank you very much
queen
who has called us
this year I am 40 years old like I am 40
years old around here yes no around here yes no he has
called us
this crime because he is 40 years old quickly
what's up
cat
this one has more of a crime because he is 40
years old he
doesn't give me
mysteries with respect with
respect although you have threatened me
because you have been angry with the garlic
that he gives you this afternoon with respect
I am not 40 years old I am 35 although I
appear to be 28 okay but the thing is that you are
25 and you look like my father and I am not
saying this to insult you or anything it is
the truth that he looks like my father I mean look at you with
respect I am not enjoying you
or anything in case you love me
but another time that you look like my father
Saturn  to 4025 who is 25 churra
imagine when he is my age
imagine in 10 years
to sports or something healthy now what is it
called wanted
this one has more crime because he is 40
years old
let's put it out there I tell you as you
can see he looks like
Dallas or this one
that I look like Dallas in what that it
seems to me that I have
white hair that I have turned my hair white
but yes he has white hair half the
internet half YouTube
is trying to make it seem he is
trying to look like to begin with he does not
want to seem to be good each one with
their likes and their phobias
my god you are so ignorant you are so
ignorant I understand perfectly that you have not
wanted to debate his life for real I
understand perfectly if you are
telling me that I want to look like Dallas
because he says that I have a phobia do you know what
the word phobia means not the same as you do not
know what an accent is or what
a compass is okay if I have a phobia of
something I cannot want to look like that
something friend friend
I do not look like Dallas I do not
make my content the same as silk the one
that can  that we talk about the same thing of
course like half youtube but
I'm not like it nor do I want to be like it, I do
n't focus on the content the same way he will
focus on it in his way he takes it his way
and in his own way and I do it in
another way that is completely different
friends it
's impressive how he apologizes to
those in Marbella and not to the one who should
apologize or rather to Dallas but to top it
off he tells you that you are 40 years old
like the four heras
and
of blunder that
I had a couple of blunders he
says I'm going to mess with you because you
had a couple of blunders what
blunder what
blunder I had yesterday
someone can remind me what
blunder I had yesterday without any further respect I couldn't have it let's
see if he puts it but it's the dick it's
called giving innocent mouth
today it has been but how many
mental years does that man have that is really walking me
make me reach
ss that is your answer that will be
your answer
that Marbella how do you not call me this
guy has done something relevant in his
content because what he says
is the argument a child  10 years old
totally looks 50 years old or more said
emitting 40 but you are 25 and the
problem is that you look 50 but you
argue like a 10 year old kid I mean I
'm here talking to you with all the
respect in the world arguing and you
're rowing you emit miti miti miti
imitating me I don't care and on top of that when you
feel offended and when you feel that you
don't have argumentative superiority
against me you want to hit me literally a
10 year old kid Julieta thank you very much
tears a simple one let's start from
that base because I refer again to
the one who gives the powers and it won't
necessarily be has to take
what I've told you I mean what kind of
appeal what kind of regular is this guy
assumes what he does man they
assume what he does
okay first of all no I have not wanted to
enter Marbella Bites I never want
collaborations with anyone it's
very strange that someone comes to my
live okay let's not debate
okay but don't tell me not to brag about me it's
not going to work for me if they tell you that I  I did
n't want to go in and right now I'm
jealous that you got in because
everyone gets in through connections, he said
your friend is involved and you
left him in a bad way, okay,
and two assume what he assumes what he does, man,
don't come to me now with that you said
that Dallas is with minors, but if you
want to misinterpret it, that's your problem, you
said it, goddess knows perfectly well what
you meant with the joke because yesterday
you said, I don't know if it was the live on
Twitter that I could make the same joke
with a priest
so you know perfectly well what you
're referring to, okay, he may be
making sandwiches, that you give it that
connotation, call it my fault, but neither you nor
the way you are, shitty, nor
the whole congregation of garbage, how cowardly it
seems to me to do that, that you give it that
connotation of your problems with eyes,
which is a lie,
the accents, the accents are beautiful,
each one with their own style, but
I'm not making fun of the accents, but I'm making fun of the accents,
they are literally
literally, I'm not making fun of the accents,
but I'm making fun of the accents, there
was a tweet that literally told me
the  of the compass and the accent no
good we saw it in the
previous live I don't remember
like your cheeks move it appeared
bad and vice
hate success I'm already starting to get ugly it's starting very
ugly and he's talking to me here at the
[ __ ] Dallas function with [ __ ] Alex
Ubago there we go inter quote that he has
like that man he can't complain that
I haven't said things to his face
but it's a matter of minutes it's an
expression to not say [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
caldas
here if we can be la pepa who is a
follower register uncle pepe for che
I have a a pepa
[Music]
pepa [
Music]
is obedient complacent for genital
guard carried out but it stops
me has all this the day we
saw each other and parents and milpo fine print'
planet emphasizes that for major
then I am very respectful but
when I am not
also seven tubes or do you understand Alex
Ubago silvestre because this works
when you like the point of your house
then well I
was simply giving the boys what they
asked for a little enjoy and  passing
verbal manhood through face now you
are very wrong you have a
very basic mentality if you think that
you by insulting and by how much more insults
you are passing the manhood to
someone in fact in the manhood they have
passed it to your face between yesterday and today
800 times okay the insults okay
when you are insulting others do
not think that you are making
others look bad you are making yourself look bad
okay when you are doing this of
insulting what do you do not make others look bad it
says about you not about others it says
about you
towards the test rest member
video and 105 he does
not laugh at your accent but at your way
of speaking
and what is my way of speaking the accent
that I have I do not know what the problem is but
this example does not give me the feeling that
that is what is going to happen in that
interview
because I am ceu I can admit that
you are ugly then force won
in maui le la pepa is an
inflatable doll and I dress in that background a
guy
la pepa who is an inflatable doll has
said pep to the minor no pepa minor
pepa I think  I who am a minor is not
shown so do not worry this
is some fears that I have for everyone
that harbors [ __ ] dicks text I live
for and for the offense so do not
worry
about the people who want me to
get into a debate with this team there
- there for you not a little with your age it is not
40 years old it is 85 and nine children hahaha well
at least he did not say maybe
followers are all children no lie
that if he said it x it depends how ugly the
gifs that he uses in the notifications
because mister ego is deplorable on a large
scale
well you guys do not disrespect him
or consult him about anything worth it
even if he does it with me I will
manage do not worry but no you guys do
not insult him or
disrespect him or anything he will know the path he
takes and what is convenient for him what is not worth
the chiringuito of this was yesterday well you are not here
and this afternoon sorry and I
had not challenged him to any debate nor did I have
any intention of debating with  he or
rather simply yesterday I talked about him in
my live because my channel is about
controversies. Yes, if you get involved in Marbella
by in a controversy I will comment on it with
the utmost respect possible. If there is
a moment in which he lacked respect
that you believe that it could damage
your career, ask me something and I will
withdraw or fix it but or I will cut a part
whatever but I think that yesterday I gave
the news with the utmost respect possible
more than you deserved. Don't you understand
what happened with the debate today as if it were just for laughs
because I knew that I wasn't going to accept it
because they are all the same from the
American city, you understand, well, until
the debate with you, well then
Javi, let him find another princess to
debate with because I have nothing to
debate with that guy why
and nothing happens but I dedicate myself to this it
was a freestyle thing and that's it,
I dedicate myself to being left behind by a rhyme
but well, a battle of
roosters was held in which I participated, I
said something unfortunate we are going to be
in quotes because really I don't  I
accused this guy of nothing I simply
said that he was with a minor then the
people in the know
I don't like this guy at all I
simply said that he was with a
minor then also with all the hype about
Marbella or in other words on twitter and well
those molars on the cell phone also the title
is stung but because of the title
Anselmo the one who was not banned
why the [ __ ] does this guy have the
mic on his headphones on here and the anti
pop here you
know and it was a bit like he's laughing
at him for
the movement so what
these guys from the server have decided
is that they are going to be deliberating today on
whether they try to take it up the ass or
leave me or leave it altogether he has also
told him that I am not going to allow it come on
in fact I'm telling you that there is
material here for a command demand
and he also said here that he has money
so [ __ ] [ __ ] is not relevant but
the socas fell 8 millsap 8 thousand
but that's because because there were many that
will be given away no
what's going on with giving away his it's
very good it
's very good the thing about giving away subs but
of course if  in the end then whoever you
give them to is not going to renew them it makes no
sense the sub
is like a cushion that we
streamers have no the sub the members are like
a cushion that we streamers have
that you can count on because you say I already
have 500 members no I don't know how much
money that will be because I have never charged
from you and still but your time I have 500
members this is this money they should not
allow free battles in Marbella
because it is very difficult to control what you
say abandoning you are improvising and more in
a beat I do not think that is the solution
thank you very much for your super chat but I do
not think that is the solution I think
the
freestylers themselves are called no if they know that
they are in a series with so much public
one thing that is not one is their home they
in their channel can do whatever they want
in their battles or whatever no but
if they know where to be you have to
adapt to where you are okay you have to
be a little more like you could have
thrown another beef that was funny
fun but this guy does not know how to
try to make people laugh without insulting dude and
without saying that kind of  nonsense that what you
continue being the SUVs are worth the
grace of the subways the reality is that
the streamer can be more relaxed
professionally because you say I already have a
thousand subscribers
this is a salary that I have here fixed and
then apart from that I can start
creating content calmly look at
me what it gives me for me the members those of you who
are members that is why you
always take the heart I will not have
enough words to thank you for me the
issue of the members what gives me
peace of mind that I know that I will be able to have to
live okay to live or fixed okay and
then because because there are videos that really bothers me
when it comes to monetizing if it
went from 16 thousand to 8 thousand 700 that it has
right now because that will be it will be they will be
given away no then I say for
example the videos of Roco Carrasco the
Michael Jackson to monetize
appears to me and curious because I think he is
ahead of me but there are many videos that
are a shame because
there are many videos that are a shame because they
are videos that have a lot of work
Harris the editor I pay him anyway
what I would like to pay him a lot more
because I think that the editor is a
super important part of the channel is not
true that if you insult a lot in tweets and
you throw another streamer they can bathe you
if in fact I am going to report him come on
in fact I should report
come on Julio thank you very much
Emilio I think we are about 3200 members
or something like that I don't know not everything is seen in
tweets I know that we are 500 and some subscribers
but what is what I am telling you this
also gives me peace of mind when
YouTube is being a real pain with the
monetization issue and I don't charge for
the videos what I should charge okay
then with this I know what well it's
calm
now well what I see is that the
logic of giving away subs is fine but in the
end it is the same as if that person who
gives away the SUVs instead of giving them away like
on other platforms you cannot give them away
had made a donation of the same
amount because in the end it is Asus that has
donated well what happens is that the good thing is that there is
the possibility that those people
to whom he gives the sub will renew it
because  he wants to renew it for himself
then because once he's on the
channel he says [ __ ] well I don't want to
lose them I want to stay that's what's
good about
playing on the server or just a
warning or something like that and
then tomorrow a solution I think I have
asked for forgiveness what does it mean to ask for
forgiveness to whoever would be disrespectful to
whoever I have offended not to put yourself submissive
to try to not get them to go to you guy
both here and Truman and Blanco
like all the administrators because it
really is a game to have fun
if I return to the server
well I commit to the box office in
a battle of roosters
and well to try to go unnoticed
as possible
the one who was joking around for a few
minutes that they weren't going to win and
hesitating is now begging that they won't
go to him that obviously
because he takes it out on me I'm sure I'm
sure that there are many more youtubers who
have commented on the subject
so in fact it was the topic yesterday
says thank you very much welcome if any
relative of this boy feels
offended then that change but then he
has applied or has not had that
really first affected is that guy and
if that guy is not  it doesn't come to me, that is to say, my
objective has bothered me, I do this, I don't
understand why the
twitter cure is generated that has been generated because they have
insulted a person or they have told them
okay it's steven and he says that he was
offended then we have the lawsuit
that lukewarm you don't have to put them nobody
then nothing today they told me that
peter stopped and that tomorrow they will decide but it's
enough and he is going to get screwed for a
phrase that's what I'm going guys I don't care
who was told about equality the
thing is that in the battle no it was not
against the one he was facing or
rather it is a super comment in that way
javi do you think that the bad manners that the
socas has sometimes had with his
subscribers has been able to influence that
people do not renew their subscription man it has been
able to of course thank you very much for
leaving witnesses answering hello hello
name and thank you very much and today thank you
very much thank you both for
the donations of course it can influence let's
see if you are watching a streamer who at
every moment is enjoying the
things he does as they do it clashes well it's
normal that one day  people say but
everything giving money to this guy that it
is normal in
reference to what you have said here
here and in the jungle he does not screw for anything what he
has said that seriously they are going to screw him
for a phrase to see us as a phrase
as such of course he can screw you
for a phrase if the phrase goes out of the line
crosses the line of what is
allowed within the
Marbella server of course by
the way, wow, what a great camera
this guy has
what camera is what
camera is I want to improve the
quality of the camera
listen to me clearly just as they shot the one who
said the word with n they shot him
for a word but it depends on the
severity of that word I clarify that it
can make you dizzy for a phrase phrase is what
you guys do not care who
said it to him about equality the thing is that on
the screen no it was not against the one he
was facing I mean it is a
super unfortunate comment that is not
funny at all but he is
not only saying your opponent is being
reduced with another
stranger  and that it is not on the server it is
totally totally I had not thought of
good point and here and good point gosh I did not
think that there were so many who
needed to be specified that
calling them pedophiles is insulting and
reportable touching your balls touching your
balls I am not a pig the truth is I do not think they get
involved but I enjoy it what do you
say about you the threats so I will do
something
but very good point move point very
good point and here I had not fallen for this
the truth outside of that or rather what the
[ __ ] is that so gratuitous if Dallas is not
on the server if you are doing
a battle with another you have to throw
the beat to the other not to Dallas since he
has nothing
in the lighting right I have to
buy them the cat lights no
or well it
is not right then well and if it
were on the server - no a
whole set of things that I do
not have that type of thing here I
have always said actively and passively
this is not going to be allowed
very large sanctions are going to be imposed for many days they are
going to remain here there is no here he
tells us Dallas will be making a video
well I do not believe it because already  I would have said
something on twitter okay but I think that
Dallas after the experience
behaved because in the end it would have ended up
very similar to how he deported him seeing how the
guy broke up with me it would have been the
same Dallas would have been
giving them here I
would have been leaving him in a bad way because he
has every right in the world to
leave him in a bad way that's even in Tirol xd it's
quite a lot and roll the way fell into that now it's
an overflow through the super chat
Dallas would have been recriminating him and
the guy when he had seen himself trapped
without an argument would have threatened him like he
did with me okay then in the end it
would have been the same and that's why he said
look I'm not even going to tell him anything in the end he's going to give him fame and what about Mister Ego come on let's go we're not clear but what we do know is that for at least three days he's going to be out of play so he's not going to be on camera no no in the same camera the same camera
always he's going to be out of play for three days
okay it could be extended it
could be extended until sick
depending on what he does mysteries and
mystery wants to have to apologize or
wants such and such let's see I don't care what he
does what for  that has become so
submissive in him
in the live the kitten that's why he has
become so submissive to start the
string making fun of himself and
even teasing with the title and at the end and I
apologize here I apologize to
the servers I ask you have to
apologize to everyone guys to the
loaded points that were not relevant is
that a person who drags the server
the water as a physical person sincerely I don't care you
can like him you can dislike him
but we are in a server
very strong anti-toxicity rules
okay and really even if
you think that we don't return them to the
foot from the pirulo not everything is very
serious okay it is very serious very serious this I do
n't want people I have to say I don't
want them to believe any toxicity
okay then I think
leaving him without sanctions is no it is not
possible and bathing him perma
wrong you understand now maybe it
was surely a bad rhyme he is
used to it mister I mean all this
rhythm okay perfect I understand but
this is that you are not going to get rid of the
guilt then we are going to put three
days minimum surely it is a week
okay and we will see depending on the  attitude
and what we see if he
truly regrets it, he doesn't
regret it, it could be a bolt and he won't
play again and the prophecy
of mystery will be fulfilled, the first banned why
repent he hasn't repented he
posted it today on his twitter okay there was
that camera effect it's not because of the
spotlights it is achieved with a program for
cards no no I have that camera effect
my camera has it what I think I have to
change is the lighting I'm
going to go look later at the spotlights
made of the cat which are the good ones no but
the camera in the webcam
is the best there is and mine does that
effect look I can I can the most I
have the video in the back but
I could regulate that
and if I remove the screen what would I do I don't know
if I can do it from here right now
with this crappy lighting but yes yes it
is what I have what does the
lighting to me now the
theme of the battle at that moment
was youtubers posted by ibai there is
nothing more toxic than cold battles that that
server error
or  maybe the theme of the battle was
youtubers but that means that they
were messing with more youtubers that
weren't on the server only
with dallas we don't have any banned at the
moment okay and this has been an this has
been an administrative decision
between 15 people and not in the wind or rather it
's not something that I wanted or
anyone else wanted okay it has
simply been voted on there are many people
who were in favor of notifying other
people about the issue in the end it has been
decided that we are going to review the
case well but that he should take it easy for a few days
and we'll see maybe he wants to
apologize or wants to explain it better or
wants to stop the river of persecution
that he is
because at the moment from here what he has done was
threaten me when I
threw it in his face what he has done was
threaten me I don't know what you think of that God it has nothing to
do with the server or anything
but he has not regretted it or rather he
said today on twitter that he has not
regretted it that he does not call her a pedophile
that whoever takes it, whoever  interpret
that is a problem above it is
your responsibility and he has not
regretted it, let him
try to look good that he can
try to look good there I am
sorry because here I feel sorry for the
server and for the person who
put me in that thing of loving
whatever I want whatever I want
but not to see what video is the one
you told me cari cari asks me what
you told me that the subject is talked about
like
here
quesada like that it can be seen the video lasts an hour
no way but I just don't understand
why they put me here as the
protagonist
because the thing javi the camera that
the stream uses is worth 1,800 euros what are you
saying
what are you saying you
say that the camera gives you a [ __ ]
now I'm not going to see it to see this
very authoritative in very good
manners he does fail in the form
not like me that many of the mysteries
are in the forms because the background
can normally be more or that I don't
understand why I am from cameros it is
always part
well uncle agreed they are logical
coherent things thanks for those guests
but many times for those guests
karina thank you so much because why
a sad face because a
sad face but that's why brand is
useless to release these tweets now but you
get black it seems incredible to me that
all the time they blame the
followers when clearly if it weren't
for the pressure they would continue passing
over dallas without considering also
everything he has lived through
is that he was part of what he says to
dallas outside of the outside to whoever it is is that he is
a person who is not on the
server
why the [ __ ] do you have that again
this guy is calling me on twitter
this boy
is a person because [ __ ] because
coherently knowing the person and
with something so strong there they usually
use cameras like the sony alpha 7 in
february and it was worth around 1800 for you
xd but why the [ __ ] is it worth it is a [ __ ] [ __ ]
goodbye
because I am charged with cameras from the best
in my house 300 euros seems
crazy to me
I put on the stone
it is outside the world of battles you do not
know how they go they have you saw then you do not
know the stick that mister is good you know
how he talks to whoever he is what he does and you
see these  tweets and well me putting myself in
javea oliveira's shoes I would also be
somewhat shocked must be
apps thank you very much the
first mistake the first mistake is that if you
're doing a battle with someone it's
not about whether they understand or not
understand
shoot I saw that person with whom you're
doing the battle not a great gift from
outside us youtube that is outside
since I don't know this guy what dove that what's
happening here already my new hater
how he insults for free and I
ask you quesada I ask you the
tweets that we saw yesterday on his
twitter account from 2017 to 2020 also in
rap battle and you also have to
understand the rap battle to know
the context how things are going what
uneasiness it is not known if it would be that
feeling a little but of course we
know mystery
we know mister ego let's
see what he says to me about the chat an hour
of fictional rap mystery is always that
beastly the battles there is no
justification whatsoever I don't care about his
garbage debate of roosters be careful comb your hair
brandon no  He always says what he thinks,
Mister Mono has talent, everyone
is careful that there are very
coherent people, NTX, and I don't understand his
position. In the end, they are creating
content. It doesn't catch them off
guard. Their audience asks them to
comment, like you ask me sometimes.
I comment on things that maybe I
'm not that up to date on because they're not just about
battles. For example, regarding Colombia, I
had to document myself and give an
opinion based on many facts,
statistics, and so on. So, of course,
today, since content creation
is so simple, because we're here, I
can tell you whatever you want. I can
answer you about whatever you want on a
specific issue. Well, of course, in the end,
because of the great arrival, Jamila. Great saying. Hey,
look what do you think of the
mystery thing yesterday in Marbella, Vice,
and without knowing Mister Ego, without knowing the
context of the battles, without that background
necessary to understand why the
rhyme,
of course, no context or
battle is needed. We can't force him anymore, man, but
in the end, we talk about many topics a day.
We talk about so many things a day. If you
ask us for our opinion on so many things, it's
normal that  be tender year take the
trouble not even two minutes to talk
previously with mister ego to look at
who it is because I am because the batea is
such also that is done that is something about
understanding the character or the fiction in
the battles and m r is beast do
nothing you can defame with thousands of
spectators but he is so bad the
others who had not even mentioned it before
also justifying it
or rather in the end the fault is ours
for not understanding what the
rooster battles are about you have to
have a little bit of culture in
rooster battles that is said and not in
real life it is not a process that takes
five minutes and that you document yourself if it is
not something that is a process of
assimilation over a long time watching
battles
there is the thing because do not mess with
someone who has nothing to do with the
world of battles if our world
is so complex and you need to get a
master's degree and that kid has studied that
master's degree before Spanish calligraphy
then do not mess with someone who does not know
about battles that has nothing to do with
the world of battles
these are typical comments that were
made in 2018
that  thanks to free coming I'm not
surprised
even by the comment from the girlfriends that he
tells him what I don't understand is that
his girlfriends see him who are the same as those notes and
he says ah well in you saw then in mister
ego he added he's going to eat a lawsuit of
success both every kilo of all the reason in the
world in gray as I will do like all
the reason in the world in the current all the
reason in the world that it is
disrespectful then it is totally in the
unjustification there we go totally now
more free and as these are tweets from
2017 2018 2019 and as a note I hate
people who throw firecrackers I hate Dallas
which is very tiring I hate whiskey blah blah blah
blah I hate but yes that yes what I would
do the twitter thing is very
services choosing because this guy
will be my age he will not take the
30s far and he is 25
wow that he takes the daddies milestones the
kids is worth his face and on his public twitter account
margarita thank you very much for photos
of people it is wrong in that interview
he says that arcane  he puts in the white and
says it as if it were the most normal thing but I
went thank you very much
welcome welcome to margarita pitufn when talking
about personal problems what is
this for we are only with lawsuits we are
already with the lawsuits and the
complaints
would have a route also and so much good
but about putting the anonymous kids
to the visits and it seems incredible to me
nogales fatal but I above all well
seeing the type of person that I will not
pay much attention to it but like the
type of person that is dude like what type
of people that javi dude the knife
now I tell you javi look what a bad
person he is what about what about the
type of person who doesn't even know how to
write it and the type of person who
thinks that the more he insults the more [ __ ]
love you think it is little like the type of
people the type of person who
shows that he is on the internet period
ball
you are not outraged that I say this one that
his friend 59
wants to upload this debate the debate that he
had balls the other one already laid down that
I tell him the type of person he is but
if he says those roses to the
girlfriends and the other one tells him  pedophile is that I
understand because in my brain
because you're telling me
you don't know Juan nor am I interested in
knowing him but the thing is that he doesn't
put me in his shoes either and I would be
shocked either not knowing
mysteries but man
seeing the type of person he is what
type of person is man you've seen 4
tweets and a fragment has been an
interview are you going to summarize for me the
thirty-something years that Mister Ego has
in that in 20 minutes more than the
thirty-something years that they have you don't
say let's see kid, if he didn't know
yesterday today he ends up proving it today he
has finished showing it threatened because
the discussion didn't go well for him, well
imagine having directly to the one that he would have
messed up with the friend it is when he would have
seen himself locked up here when I would have
done it here the good ambush
that he would not have had to see get out
imagine the one that the guy would have messed up he would have left
renting today enjoying himself
threatened for sure for sure
if he doesn't even know Mister Ego who is
going to meet Juan
crazy but the one I would pay
attention to would be there here
with two  balls and the toxicity was not going to get
out of here in fact I was not going
to handle that and that is not toxicity that
asks me what are toxicity and
virtual accountability there is here as
if the Marbella vice server is a
Gonzalez laxe offers kinect I were a
public servant of the state where
everyone has to have equal
conditions and thirst for the cold no no it is that what
happens is that here he came here and he
was giving it to him that in his
servers he selected the people let's go
of higher category because he did not want
toxicity let's go in fact that he banned
me I liked everything but it is a
friends server that is why I am not in and I
understand it to me it was said 'look bar or
among moderators you are not known
therefore you are not going to enter because it is a
friends server and such of
course what happens you have something personal
with Jackie you have something personal with
Jackie that is that is that
and you have a personal friendship with this ego
and accountable because he is the
president of the government and it is as logical
as watching a boxing match and one of the
fighters punches the  the public
is not serious it's a joke
of an election grace every four years
to see who enters Marbella as a
man to render accounts of I want it to be
removed to debate something Marbella vice president to
debate something
and look that I would be the first that
I would be interested in saying no no no go to
render accounts there is here because Rodrigo is not who
know the zero and radio that it
is would have to be there because a lot
of freestylers enter a lot of the
content creator from battersea who I am I
would be the first no no no no no no
contrary one must respect the
decisions and sub private server two of
friends and whoever wants
the staff enters and I even open
but however they go they have to render accounts
but what is the president is the
president of something of a public entity of a
federation of an association of a
couple of Marbella by does it seem like a small
political party to you right now it's like
Jess Gil and Gil of the state hello it
was not variable from here because if they are
not going to do it here jake thank you very much
6 thank you very much for the instep
that you are a candle